 Incorporated Research Institutions for Seismology (IRIS)\
 Data Management Center (DMC)\
 Data Products Team\
 BackProjection Data Product

 2021-11-01

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 DESCRIPTION:

The Back-Projection (BP, http://ds.iris.edu/ds/products/backprojection/) product shows the beamformed time history 
and location of coherent short period P-wave energy generated by large earthquakes observed at three regional arrays 
and across the Global Seismic Network. These are generated following all global M6.5+ earthquakes.

This Python package contains the code behind the creation of BackProjection data product's plots and animations. 
The main Python code in this package (_back\_projection\_r2.py_) can be configured via its parameter file 
(_back\_projection\_param.py_) and through the command line arguments. Currently, the parameters are optimized for 
use with four preconfigured virtual networks defined in the parameter file (NA, EU, AU, and GSN).

 CONTENT:

This package contains the following files:

     src/
       back_projection_r2.py
           This is the main Python code behind the production of plots and animations. Calling the code with -h  
           option displays a list of other options available to tune plot and animation production. It also 
           provides examples to run.
     
     param/
       back_projection_param.py
           A Python file that contains all the BackProjection data product parameters. You may modify this file to 
           customize virtual networks, plots and animations . All parameter definitions in this file must follow Python 
           rules. Each parameter group in this file is commented for clarification.
     
     lib/
       - back_projection_lib.py
           A Python utility library used by the main script.

    CHANGES.txt
       A text file containing history of changes to this package.

    INSTALL.txt
       The installation notes

    README.md
       The package README file 


Visit the Wiki pages (https://github.com/iris-edu/backprojection/wiki) for more information.


CITATION:

To cite the use of this software reference:

Trabant, C., A. R. Hutko, M. Bahavar, R. Karstens, T. Ahern, and R. Aster (2012), Data Products at the IRIS DMC: \
Stepping Stones for Research and Other Applications, Seismological Research Letters, 83(5), 846–854, \
https://doi.org/10.1785/0220120032.\
\
Or cite the following DOI:

    doi:10.17611/dp/bp.code.1

 
 COMMENTS/QUESTIONS:

    Please contact manoch@iris.washington.edu


